Horizon

A native GTK+ browser for 4chan.

Dependencies:
        glibmm-2.32
        gtkmm-3.4
        gnome-keyring > 3.0
        libcurl > 7.24 (Lower versions will probably work, just modify
                        configure.ac)
        json-glib > 0.14
        libxml2 > 2.7.8
        libev > 4.04

To build it, you'll need the -devel/-dev versions of the above
packages. There is no binary distribution yet, so you have to build
it. :) Also, its written in C++11 so you'll need a g++ of the same age
as the libraries.

There is a buildable tarball in the github 'Downloads' area.

Features:

        Catalog pane on left. Choose which boards are browsible
        through the menu.  (Worksafe boards only, since its pulled
        from catalog.neet.tv)

        You can search for any thread in the catalog by typing in the
        entrybox next to the combobox above the catalog view. Use
        up/down arrows to navigate through multiple matches.

        If you click on the 'Threads' label above the catalog, the
        catalog will be sorted by the number of posts in the thread
        divided by the age of the thread. This seems to work pretty
        well for finding active threads, at least on /a/.

        Add _any_ 4chan thread through the menu, or Ctrl-t. This will
        work for non-worksafe threads.

        Click on pictures to make them big. Again to make them small.

        Opened threads are remembered across invocations. So if it
        crashes, you get the same threads you had open immediately.

        Every picture is downloaded to ~/.share/local/horizon or the
        equivalent, so be aware. I'll add a file cleanup utility
        later.

        Desktop notifications are automatically enabled for threads
        that have been idle for more than 5 minutes. To disable this,
        for now you have to use:
        # gsettings set com.talisein.fourchan.native.gtk notify-idle false

        You can also enable notifications for every post through the
        toggle switch.

        If the original filename was something like
        "1333910354345.jpg", next to the original filename will be the
        parsed UNIX date, e.g. "April 8, 2012". Now you know just how
        much of a newfag everyone is.

        In the thread tabs, the LP field tells you how long it has
        been since the last post.

        At the header of each thread is something like
                  "<Thread Subject> - <Thread Author> (30s)"
        The 30s tells you the present polling period horizon is using
        for this thread. There is no way to force a refresh. There is
        no "countdown" to refresh because I don't want one. Deal with
        it.

        Code tags on /g/ will be displayed in an embedded gVim
        window. gVim won't know what syntax highlighting to turn on
        automatically though, so you'll have to do that through the
        menu. Bummer.

        You can enable autoscrolling through the toggle switch. Be
        aware that at present, expanding any picture will force a
        scroll to the bottom in this mode.

        You can expand all images in a thread using the expand all
        button. Unpressing the button will cause all images to be
        thumbnails.

        Autogif: Animated gifs are downloaded and displayed as
        thumbnails by default. One day I will add a GSetting key for
        this behavior.

Coming soon:

       Tagging images, viewing archived image metadata, replying,
       creating threads, deleting old pictures, save-to-location,
       thread slideshow mode, thread archiving (with associated
       browsing mode for finding those old threads), emailing moot to
       complain.

       I'm only going to enable replying if you have a 4chan
       pass. Since there's no ads, this seems like the best
       compromise.

Bugs:
        There is a massive memory leak in ImageCache::flush()

        If you don't have gvim installed you're not going to see
        anything in code tags. It would be relatively bothersome to
        fix.

        All images are downloaded to disk (~/.local/share/horizon, or
        your equivalent XDG location). Browsing /a/ for a week has
        consumed 1G of space. But since many images are posted over
        and over again, this is okay, right~? One day I'll add a file
        cleanup utility. For now, just buy a bigger hard drive.
          The catalog is pulled from catalog.neet.tv, though. And
          their thumbnails are not named the same as 4chans [1], so I
          have to pull their version of the thumbnail [2]. Even worse,
          they apparently don't compress their thumbnails very
          well. of 150 MB of thumbnails, 140 MB is due to the
          catalog. And none of the catalog images will ever be used
          after they drop from the catalog, even if a thread is
          created with the same image, so its a waste [3]. Anyways,
          4chan will have a catalog api one day, moot told me himself!
          In the meantime I'll add an automatic cleaner for these
          useless expired catalog images. One day.
          [1] 4chan names their images after the UNIX timestamp +
              milliseconds, but the catalog JSON only has the UNIX
              timestamp, no milliseconds.
          [2] Unless download the entire thread.json for every thread
              in the catalog. No thanks.
          [3] A waste except that we don't download catalog images
              more than once even across involkations of the
              program. Which I tend to do a lot.
